Give a few examples of modules found in the present version of CSS.
Answer: Some of the commonly used modules in CSS include:

Box Model
Selectors
Text effects
Backgrounds and Borders
Animations
2D/3D Transformations
User Interface.
Multiple Column Layout


Name a few CSS style components
Answer: A few CSS style components include Property, Value, and Selector


FRESHER
What are the ways to integrate / i mean include CSS as a web page?

There are three methods to integrate CSS in the form of a web page:

Embedded: There can be a style element inside the head element inside which we can place the code.
Inline: CSS applied HTML elements can be found using style attributes.
Imported or Linked: In the case of linked or imported CSS, the CSS is placed in an external file and a link element is used to link it.


What are the media types allowed by CSS?
Answer: CSS allows different media types such as speech, audio, visual and tactile media, paged or continuous media, bitmap or grid media, and even interactive media.

Is it possible to add multiple declarations in CSS?
Answer: Yes, we can do this with the help of semicolons.

What is meant by a universal selector?
Answer: It is a selector which can match the name of any element type, rather than selecting the elements of a specific category.

What is the difference between visibility: hidden and display:none?
Answer: The difference between visibility:hidden and display:none properties is that in the case of the former, the elements are hidden but not deleted. No space is consumed.

can v give negative value for margin and padding?
postion prop

EXPERIENCE

What is Pseudo-elements ?

Pseudo-elements are used to add special effects to some selectors.  CSS in used to apply styles in HTML mark-up. In some cases when extra mark-up or styling is not possible for the document, then there is a feature available in CSS known as pseudo-elements. 
It will allow extra mark-up to the document without disturbing the actual document.

What is at-rule?
Rule, which is applicable in the entire sheet and not partly, is known as at-rule. It is preceded by @ followed by A-Z, a-z or 0-9.
