2. What is an API and list the API's available in HTML5?
API (Application Programming Interfaces) in HTML5 is a way to build different applications using pre-built components. Developers can integrate the relevant features of existing APIs into their new websites.

The APIs in HTML5 are:
HTML Web Workers
HTML Drag and Drop
HTML Application Cache
HTML Local Storage
HTML SSE
HTML Geolocation

Name few new Structural Elements in HTML5?
HTML5 has introduced the following structural elements for defining different parts of a web page:

<header>: Represents HTML's header data
<footer>: Footer of the page
<nav>: Represents page's navigation elements
<article>: Content that is self-contained
<section>: Defines sections or groups content into sections
<aside>: Refers to side bar contents




7. How do you optimize a website's assets & reduce page load time?
Follow these steps to optimize assets and also reduce the page load time of any website:

Properly naming all assets.
Using a content delivery network (CDN) for media files.
Hosting assets on different domains while also reducing DNS lookups
Using a cookie-free domain to place assets and splitting them among domains
Using CSS Sprites for Images.
Disabling etags.
Minimizing the use of JS in code.
Minimizing inline CSS and using internal and external style sheets.


12. What are the different types of storage in html5? Explain
In HTML5, data can be stored in 2 ways – session storage and local storage.

Session Storage: The data or details from the current browsing session are stored. Once the browser gets closer by the user, the storage data gets removed.
Local Storage: The data does not get cleared automatically when the user closes the browser.

11. What is local storage in HTML5? How it is used?
HTML5 has introduced the concept of Local Storage, which is used to access a web page's local storage area without any time limit. Local storage is available whenever the user wants to use the web page.

The data stored in Local Storage does not get automatically deleted when the browser window is closed; it only gets removed when deleted manually. In local storage, the data is stored using a key and value.

16. What is the application cache in HTML5 and why it is used?
The application cache is a feature in HTML 5 which is used to store website data inside a cached version, 
thus allowing accessibility without net connectivity. It is very useful for desktop-based web applications requiring to store data on local systems.




The new input types are:

Time
Date
Datetime
Datetime-local
Week
Month
Email
Color
Number
Range
Search
Telephone
URL

FRESHER
36. What is <iframe> and why we can use this?
The <iframe> tag is used to indicate an inline frame, or, a browsing context that is nested. It allows outside documents to be inserted in the main HTML document seamlessly.
 Inline frames are mostly used in online advertising, where the contents of the iframe can e an ad from a third party.
 
 EXPERIENCE
 43. What are the new attributes of form tag in HTML5?
Here is a list of the new form attributes introduced in HTML 5

novalidate
autocomplete


Websockets in html5?
Websockets and SSE (Server-Sent Events) are each successful of pushing records to browsers, however, they are no longer competing for technologies.
Websockets connections can both ship statistics to the browser and acquire information from the browser. A true example of an application that ought to use WebSockets is a chat application.
SSE connections can solely push statistics to the browser. Online inventory prices or twitters updating timeline or feed are excellent examples of a utility that ought to benefit from SSE.
In exercise considering the fact that the whole lot that can be executed with SSE can also be executed with Websockets, 
Websockets is getting a lot greater attention and love, and many more browsers help Websockets than SSE.